Blog
"Expert" advice by Julie Andersen
Australia. Sabotaging Eco Tourism?
Shark "Expert" teaches how to survive a shark attack?
How do you make a viral video?
Do shark repelling devices work?
Amazing!
30 White Sharks and a pod of Orcas
Are white sharks parenting their offspring?
Revolution, a film by Rob Stewart
Paul Watson and the sinking of the "Ady Gil"
Is shark diving beneficial for the sharks?
Shark sighting in Portugal
Who is at Guadalupe Island?
Get to know the Great White Sharks of Guadalupe
New sharks at Guadalupe Island
Island Of The White Sharks
Great White Sharks at Guadalupe
We lost a great friend and shark advocate.
Working with Fishermen to Save Sharks
Surfer critically injured by shark off southern Australia; witness reports large great white
Breaching great white sharks at Guadalupe Island
How do you choose the right shark diving operation?
Shark feeding to be banned in US waters?
I was surrounded by bull sharks!
Who is more aggressive,  a Bull Shark or  a Great White?
Wanna join us on a film expediton to visit the Great White Sharks at Guadalupe Island?
Celebrities at Guadalupe Island
Memorial announced for "Island of the Great White Shark" filmmaker, Richard Theiss
Shark Attacks And The Media
Biggest White Shark ever filmed?
Randy Jordan, what sharks like to eat.
What's it like to come face to face with a Great White Shark?
Awesome great white sharks at Guadalupe Island
Another shark attack in Australia?
Do you want to join a researcher at Guadalupe Island?
Can our loving sharks be bad for them?
Volunteer opportunity for shark conservation in Fiji
Sad news out of Fiji
Courageous sea lion
Are we to blame for shark attacks?
Shark attack in North Carolina
Do we need a shark cull at Reunion Island?
Switzerland bans the importation of shark fins!
Awesome volunteer opportunity for 16-19 year olds!
Sharks need your help in Florida!
If you love sharks, you're going to love this movie!
Shark "Documentary" causing problems in New Zealand
Last chance, if you want to work with great white sharks!
Conservation done right. BAD is good!
Forget Jaws! Sharks can SAVE lives!
Science Expedition to Guadalupe Island
Is "BAD" really GOOD?
How many Great White Sharks are at Guadalupe Island?
Hammerhead shark attacking diver?
Have a Sharky New Year!
Really cool shark!
Bigger than Deep Blue. The biggest shark at Guadalupe Island!
We lost the "Shark Lady" Eugenie Clark.
Shark trying to bite through steel cage?
Anyone can help save sharks
The "baddest" shark at Isla Guadalupe?
Wanna dive with Bull Sharks?
Talking about Sharks, Feeds the Frenzy
Bull sharks in Fiji
Valerie Taylor, the most glamorous shark advocate in the world
Shark Week at Guadalupe
How every diver can help with shark conservation.
How do you get taken seriously as a conservation activist?
"Aggressive" shark closes San Diego Beach
Sharks in a pool?
How not to dive with sharks!
Is saving the Oceans saving people as well?
Support shark conservation at Guadalupe Island
Do sharks get cancer?
Former Shark Diver CEO saving the Oceans?
Giant Shark scare in the UK
Dead Sharks, Selfies, and Shark Fin Soup?
Looking for a summer job, but would prefer an adventure?
Great White Sharks, Dolphins and a "Sea Monster"
New shark research method?
Great White Shark in the Water?????
What kills fewer people than sharks each year?
Shark Attack in Australia? What really happened.
Update from Guadalupe Island
Jaws, lemon shark
Chris Fischer and OCEARCH's feelings are hurt!
Are the sharks going to be safe at Guadalupe Island?
Do you want to work with Great White Sharks?
Conservation shark diving in Fiji
Here is your chance to make your own shark diving movie!
Our friends in Fiji made it through the cyclone!
Deadly shark attacks in California?
Do sharks really mistake humans for seals?
Biggest Great White Shark?
What is sustainable shark diving?
Update from our friends in Fiji
Win a week of diving with bull sharks!
White Sharks Shock California Lifeguards?
Is cage diving safe?
